5.1.1 Data Collection and Storage
(i) Privacy Policies: All apps must include a link to their privacy policy in the App Store Connect metadata field and within the app in an easily accessible manner. The privacy policy must clearly and explicitly:
Identify what data, if any, the app/service collects, how it collects that data, and all uses of that data.
Confirm that any third party with whom an app shares user data (in compliance with these Guidelines) — such as analytics tools, advertising networks and third-party SDKs, as well as any parent, subsidiary or other related entities that will have access to user data — will provide the same or equal protection of user data as stated in the app’s privacy policy and required by these Guidelines.
Explain its data retention/deletion policies and describe how a user can revoke consent and/or request deletion of the user’s data.


(ii) Permission Apps that collect user or usage data must secure user consent for the collection, even if such data is considered to be anonymous at the time of or immediately following collection. Paid functionality must not be dependent on or require a user to grant access to this data. Apps must also provide the customer with an easily accessible and understandable way to withdraw consent. Ensure your purpose strings clearly and completely describe your use of the data. Apps that collect data for a legitimate interest without consent by relying on the terms of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or similar statute must comply with all terms of that law. Learn more about Requesting Permission.



(iii) Data Minimization: Apps should only request access to data relevant to the core functionality of the app and should only collect and use data that is required to accomplish the relevant task. Where possible, use the out-of-process picker or a share sheet rather than requesting full access to protected resources like Photos or Contacts.

(iv) Access Apps must respect the user’s permission settings and not attempt to manipulate, trick, or force people to consent to unnecessary data access. For example, apps that include the ability to post photos to a social network must not also require microphone access before allowing the user to upload photos. Where possible, provide alternative solutions for users who don’t grant consent. For example, if a user declines to share Location, offer the ability to manually enter an address.

(v) Account Sign-In: If your app doesn’t include significant account-based features, let people use it without a log-in. Apps may not require users to enter personal information to function, except when directly relevant to the core functionality of the app or required by law. If your core app functionality is not related to a specific social network (e.g. Facebook, WeChat, Weibo, Twitter, etc.), you must provide access without a login or via another mechanism. Pulling basic profile information, sharing to the social network, or inviting friends to use the app are not considered core app functionality. The app must also include a mechanism to revoke social network credentials and disable data access between the app and social network from within the app. An app may not store credentials or tokens to social networks off of the device and may only use such credentials or tokens to directly connect to the social network from the app itself while the app is in use.

(vi) Developers that use their apps to surreptitiously discover passwords or other private data will be removed from the Developer Program.
(vii) SafariViewController must be used to visibly present information to users; the controller may not be hidden or obscured by other views or layers. Additionally, an app may not use SafariViewController to track users without their knowledge and consent.
(viii) Apps that compile personal information from any source that is not directly from the user or without the user’s explicit consent, even public databases, are not permitted on the App Store.
(ix) Apps that provide services in highly-regulated fields (such as banking and financial services, healthcare, and air travel) or that require sensitive user information should be submitted by a legal entity that provides the services, and not by an individual developer.



3.3.10 You must provide clear and complete information to users regarding Your collection, use and disclosure of user or device data, e.g., a description of Your use of user and device data in the App Description on the App Store. Furthermore, You must take appropriate steps to protect such data from unauthorized use, disclosure or access by third parties. If a user ceases to consent or affirmatively revokes consent for Your collection, use or disclosure of his or her user or device data, You (and any third party with whom You have contracted to serve advertising) must promptly cease all such use. You must provide a privacy policy in Your Application, on the App Store, and/or on Your website explaining Your collection, use, disclosure, sharing, retention, and deletion of user or device data. You agree to notify Your users, in accordance with applicable law, in the event of a data breach in which user data collected from Your Application is compromised (e.g., You will send an email notifying Your users if there has been an unintentional disclosure or misuse of their user data).



5.1.1 Data Collection and Storage
(i) - There is a link to the policy in App Store Connect and within the app. The app does not collect or share any data.
(ii) - The app does not collect or share any data.
(iii) - The app only uses TrueDepth to place makeup on the users face.
(iv) - The app only ask permission to save photos and to use front camera for clear reasons.
(v) - The app has no account sign-in.
(vi) - The app does not do anything with any passwords.
(vii) -  SafariViewController is not used.
(viii) - The app does not compile any information about the user.
(ix) - The app does not require any sensitive user information.

3.3.10 Apple Developer Program License Agreement
The app provides clear and complete information to users about using TrueDepth (It is only used to place makeup on the users face). 
There is no collection or sharing of data.
There is a description in the App Store Description.